{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840
\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440

\f0\fs24
\b Aura Words – Flashing Guide (Desktop & Phone)\b0
\par
\par

Aura Words is distributed as a compiled \b .img\b0 system application for PalisadeOS.
This document explains how to correctly flash and install the image on both desktop and phone devices running PalisadeOS.
\par
\par

\b Important Concept\b0
\par
Aura Words is a system-level application, not a user-space app.
It must be placed in the correct PalisadeOS framework directory to be recognized and executed.
\par
\par

\b Files Provided\b0
\par
\f1
AuraWords.img   (Compiled system application)
AuraWords.zip   (Source code and project archive)
\f0
\par
\par

\b Target Installation Path\b0
\par
\f1
/palisade/os/framework/framework.Apps/
programIMPORTS.Custom/adminApps/
\f0
\par
\par

\b =============================\b0
\par
\b Flashing on Desktop (PalisadeOS)\b0
\par
\b =============================\b0
\par

\b Step 1 – Boot into PalisadeOS\b0
\par
Start the desktop system normally into PalisadeOS.
Ensure you have admin or system-level access.
\par
\par

\b Step 2 – Mount System Partition (if needed)\b0
\par
Some configurations require manual mounting of the system partition.
\par
\f1
mount /dev/palisade-system /palisade
\f0
\par
\par

\b Step 3 – Copy the Image\b0
\par
Navigate to the adminApps directory and copy the image:
\par
\f1
cp AuraWords.img \\
/palisade/os/framework/framework.Apps/
programIMPORTS.Custom/adminApps/
\f0
\par
\par

\b Step 4 – Set Permissions\b0
\par
Ensure the binary is executable:
\par
\f1
chmod +x AuraWords.img
\f0
\par
\par

\b Step 5 – Refresh App Registry\b0
\par
Reboot or refresh the PalisadeOS application registry.
After this, Aura Words will appear as a system application.
\par
\par

\b =============================\b0
\par
\b Flashing on Phone (PalisadeOS)\b0
\par
\b =============================\b0
\par

\b Step 1 – Unlock System Access\b0
\par
Enable developer or admin mode on the device.
System partition access is required.
\par
\par

\b Step 2 – Connect via USB or Secure Shell\b0
\par
Connect the phone to a desktop using USB or wireless shell.
\par
\f1
palisade-shell connect
\f0
\par
\par

\b Step 3 – Remount System as Writable\b0
\par
\f1
mount -o remount,rw /palisade
\f0
\par
\par

\b Step 4 – Push the Image\b0
\par
\f1
push AuraWords.img \\
/palisade/os/framework/framework.Apps/
programIMPORTS.Custom/adminApps/
\f0
\par
\par

\b Step 5 – Apply Permissions\b0
\par
\f1
chmod +x AuraWords.img
\f0
\par
\par

\b Step 6 – Reboot Device\b0
\par
Restart the phone to allow PalisadeOS to index the new system app.
\par
\par

\b =============================\b0
\par
\b Notes on Safety and Persistence\b0
\par
• Aura Words is CPU-only and low resource usage
\par
• No GPU or driver dependencies
\par
• Uses local sandboxed storage
\par
• Safe across reboots and updates
\par
• Does not interfere with other system components
\par
\par

\b Philosophy\b0
\par
Aura Words is designed to live inside the system, not on top of it.
Flashing it correctly ensures it remains a trusted, calm, and freedom-aligned part of PalisadeOS.
\par
\par

\b End of Document\b0
}